[CF1] warp cert expiring (#19531)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/user-side-certificates/index.mdx

Gateway [generates a unique root CA](#generate-a-cloudflare-root-certificate) for each Zero Trust account and deploys it across the Cloudflare global network. Alternatively, Enterprise users can upload and deploy their own [custom certificate](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/user-side-certificates/custom-certificate/).

> :::caution[Default WARP certificate expiring on February 2, 2025]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::caution[Default WARP certificate expiring on 2025-02-02]
```

> Your Cloudflare default certificate will expire on February 2, 2025.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default Cloudflare certificate will expire on 2025-02-02.
```

> Review how this change will impact certificate propagation to your end-user devices and how to address browser issues in [Troubleshooting](/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-devices/user-side-certificates/#generate-a-cloudflare-root-certificate).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Review how this change will impact certificate propagation to your end-user devices and how to address browser issues in [Troubleshooting](/cloudflare-one/faq/troubleshooting/#as-of-february-2-2025-my-end-user-devices-browser-is-returning-a-your-connection-is-not-private-warning).
```
